The number of opponent moves would
actually do the opposite of what we
want.
It would label boards as good where our
opponent has a large number of moves
when we actually want to isolate
them and prevent them from moving.
Number of squares remaining doesn't
reflect the goodness of the board.
It's constantly decreasing
with each move.
Number of squares remaining minus number
of my moves would penalize our computer
player for boards with more potential
moves, which is counter productive.
Finally, number of my moves
minus number of opponent moves
is a good potential evaluation
function for isolation.
It continues to take into account boards
where the current player can make
a larger number of moves and
also penalizes boards where the opponent
can make a large number of moves.